[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Ricardo Gonzalez, an
author and researcher from Peru
who has experienced multiple
direct contacts with
extraterrestrial species
called the Apunians.
Today, we are talking about
interdimensional gates
they told him about.
Ricardo, welcome to the show.
>> RICARDO GONZALEZ: Thank
you for the invitation.
>> EMERY: I understand the
beings that you came in contact
with came from these
interdimensional doors.
Could you elaborate on these
interdimensional doors?
>> GONZALEZ: As we've
spoken about before,
I've had different contact
experiences with these beings.
Experiences that could be
explained on a physical plane
because I was able to see them.
They appeared before witnesses
and it was very clear.
>> EMERY: So are these doors
on a physical 3D dimension?
>> GONZALEZ: Many times in
these contact experiences,
they have manifested
themselves physically,
but there is one detail,
sometimes they do it
on an interdimensional level.
With the technology that
these entities possess
and with their amazing
psychic development,
they can open vortexes for
a witness to enter or so
that they may
manifest themselves.
These beings have developed
a very advanced technology
and also possess amazing
psychic capabilities
that allow them to create
dimensional portals where
a witness may enter or
where they may exit.
And in these experiences,
as I was saying,
sometimes they are able to
manifest themselves physically.
But on other
occasions, they're also
able to create
virtual realities.
>> EMERY: Ricardo,
through my experience with
interdimensional beings,
I've noticed that
the extraterrestrial or
the being is actually
the spacecraft themselves.
And they can create
these portals,
and they can also create
interdimensional fields.
Is this what you're telling me?
>> GONZALEZ: I agree.
A lot of times in UFO
phenomena in pop culture,
there's a great
deal of attention
placed on the actual ship, and
the interdimensional nature
is not mentioned.
Of course, there are
entities that are
in need of a physical vehicle.
We have a lot of
evidence that they
have manifested
physically in our reality
being photographed or filmed
or leaving behind evidence
such as markings on the ground.
But this is a very
small percentage
of what actually happens.
According to my
testimony of contact
and what I've researched in
many countries in the world,
the phenomenon is actually full
of interdimensional patterns
with portals or shortcuts
between dimensions
and also the creation
of virtual realities.
And this is why it is
so important to research
what we call interdimensional
portals, not only the ones
that these beings may generate
in order to be better protected
during contact so that they
don't have to expose themselves
or their technology.
And also, so that they can
interact in a non-invasive
way with the contact witness.
As such, experiences with
interdimensional portals
require a great deal of
awareness from the witness.
And that is why I've learned
during my contact experiences
with these beings in Peru,
I must confess, Emery,
that in the beginning,
I used to think
that these face-to-face
encounters with these beings
were the most important.
During my first years of
research, the psychic part,
the mental part, the
interdimensional part,
I would just push that aside
because my intellect wanted
everything that could
be seen, touched,
and that other
witnesses could see.
But as the contact
continued to evolve,
I discovered this
para-psychic world.
And then I discovered
the existence
of these interdimensional
portals created
by these beings which are
now the main way that we
have had contact with then.
>> EMERY: Are these gateways
naturally occurring or are they
technologically made?
>> GONZALEZ: As I was saying,
they have a great capacity
to create these
interdimensional portals.
However, there is also
something very unsettling--
the fact that there are
portals similar to those
created by
extraterrestrials that
occur naturally on our planet.
And many times, when
the extraterrestrials
generate these portals to
have contact experiences,
as a foundation, they utilize
the natural vortexes on Earth
to create them.
It is absolutely amazing.
For example, they
could create a vortex
right here at Gaia
studios because they
have the technology
and resources to do it.
But if they want to
do it in a way that
is much less invasive
and much more controlled,
they would choose to do it
in Sedona or Mount Shasta
where there are natural
interdimensional portals.
Just to give you a few examples
here in the United States,
my ancestors in Peru had a
very particular knowledge
about these sacred places.
In certain shamanic
circles, there
is talk about pathways of energy
that crisscross the planet.
They call them the veins
of light of the Earth.
They are also called
quipus, a Quechua word.
Those quipus or pathways of
the Pachamama or Mother Earth.
If you enter a Peruvian
museum and saw a quipu,
they are comprised
of threads of yarn
with knots that represent a
numeric or mnemonic system.
And these threads in the
quipus represent the so-called
siq'is, which is another Quechua
word actually meaning line
or pathway.
These lines of the
quipus represent
the siq'is, an ancient knowledge
in the Peruvian shamanic
culture.
In other words, many quipus
found in ancient Peruvian
archeological digs represent the
siq'is or pathways of energy.
Archeologists and historians
always assumed that these
siq'i lines were some type
of land organization created
by the Incas, where Cusco
would be the center,
the umbilicus mundi, the
belly button of the world.
And then from there, the
lines or siq'is would flow.
That would then mark
temples, houses of prayer,
special places.
However, according to
my shamanic sources
in the Andes, these lines not
only mark temples or places
of prayer known by the
Incas, they actually
marked vortexes of
Pachamama, Mother Earth.
Vortexes that the ancient
Incan gods, whoever they were,
actually followed.
Vortexes that are perfectly
aligned in geometry.
For example, the famous
root of Viracocha.
Viracocha was the supreme
deity of the empire
of the sun of the Incas.
He travels throughout
many places in the Andes,
all over South America.
And when you sit
down with a map,
and you try to connect
all of those points,
all of those points
generate the figure
of that chakana,
the square cross.
In other words, it was a map.
According to the shamans, it is
a map of the Earth's vortexes.
And there are not only chakanas
or vortexes in South America.
Many vortexes exist
all over the world.
And they know it.
Definitely, there are many
different types of vortexes.
The most basic, to
describe it in this way,
do not necessarily permit
travel between them,
but rather capture
information that
flows through them towards
the contact witness,
almost as if you were
entering into a terminal
of a great network, a
great cosmic library.
At another vortex level,
you are able to enter there
with many different types
of experiences from the very
subtle to the very physical.
But at that level,
the experience
occurs in your environment
on planet Earth.
So in other words,
you're able to pass
into a different reality
that is connected
to planet Earth, mysteries
of our own world.
And then on a third
level, the phenomenon
occurs that you're
asking about where
someone can be projected beyond
the reality of planet Earth.
>> EMERY: So could we be
bilocal with these vortices?
>> GONZALEZ: Yes.
I think that we have spoken
about this type of contact
where a person can be
in two places at once.
I remember when I
had the opportunity
to find myself face-to-face
with these beings who
we call Apunians.
In one of these encounters
which occurred in April of 2015
in the Peruvian Andes, I was
told to go to a huge rock.
It looked very much like a
dolmen, a European megalith.
And the extraterrestrials
had asked
me to go to this
sacred rock to have
an interdimensional contact.
I have spoken about this
other times here at Gaia.
And as you might remember,
I had the experience
of being transferred from that
rock to inside of a mountain,
to a secret
extraterrestrial base that
was inside Mount Huascaran.
I remember it as a
physical experience, Emery.
However, my body was
still back at the rock.
According to what the
extraterrestrials themselves
told me, it was not
a mental delusion.
It was not a cognitive
disassociation.
I was really there.
And when I asked these
beings what was happening,
they explained to me that
I had been bilocated.
It was a product of an
interdimensional portal
that they had placed
on that tall rock.
So yes, Emery, it is possible.
They can do it.
>> EMERY: What makes a place
on this Earth doors to other
worlds?
>> GONZALEZ: I consider that
related to these shamanic
teachings about the pathways
of energy across the Earth,
knowledge that I must say
does coincide with what
the extraterrestrials
have told us.
They say that there are
subtle lines of energy that
wrap our planet like a mesh.
These pathways of energy on
Earth have various sources.
So for example, our own
electric magnetic fields,
our magnetosphere.
Also, volcanic activity.
Another example is what we
call the Pacific Ring of Fire,
where we can find the highest
seismic and volcanic activity
on planet Earth.
Interestingly enough, currently,
our most powerful vortexes
on Earth that are active
are throughout the America,
and are tied to
that characteristic
of the Ring of Fire.
But for the
extraterrestrials, there
are other pathways of
energy, other sources
of this type of vortex.
It doesn't all happen
due to water or volcanoes
or the Earth's electric
magnetic fields,
there are other sources
of natural radiation
that human beings
do not know about,
which we are unable to measure
for now because we don't
have the necessary instruments.
And that is also
organized in our world.
And from that organization,
knots or vortexes are formed.
And a contact witness
may connect right
at one of those knots.
On one occasion, I asked these
beings, how does this work?
Understanding that energy
is organized on the Earth
and forms a natural portal.
And then those beings will take
advantage of that foundation
to build an even more
efficient portal.
Imagine if we had
a big tablecloth,
and four people
are stretching out
the tablecloth by each corner.
And a fifth person comes
along holding a bowling ball--
one of those very heavy balls--
and places it in the
middle of the tablecloth.
The tablecloth will
lose its shape and sink.
The space of that tablecloth
will curve, wrinkle, and sink
due to the weight
of the bowling ball.
So Ivika and Antarel
explained to me
then what they do does
not go against nature
and its organization.
Simply, they just act upon
the natural nodes of energy
where a great deal of
energy is concentrated,
which they're able to leverage
that enormous amount of energy
in microscopic places.
But that great
concentration of energy
has to be in subatomic
spaces so that they
can generate what is called
in physics a singularity.
That's why it's easier for them
to create dimensional portals
in contact places, places where
the Earth's energy is strong.
And also because they
respect the protocol.
They respect the natural
organization of the Earth.
As I said, they could open a
portal here at Gaia studios.
But here, they would
be much more limited.
The rules limit them
when trying to open
portals and other places that
are not the Earth's nodes.
>> EMERY: How do you identify
these places of contact?
>> GONZALEZ: In some ways,
we have the advantage,
if you look at it that way, of
s information from these beings.
Thanks to the information
that these beings
like Ivika and
Antarel have given me,
we have been able to find some
of the most important energy
nodes.
Of course, once we had
the coordinates marked
by the extraterrestrial, in
the field through research,
we discovered that the
places were already
marked by legends and myths,
which were unknown to us.
The local people that
we would meet would say.
oh yes, our ancestors
or our grandparents
knew that that
mountain was sacred,
that things had happened there.
Or it would coincide
with an underground river
or cave systems yet
to be discovered.
An underground
world or petroglyphs
from ancient cultures,
symbols on rocks
that no one had seen before.
So in other words,
there were these places
that the ancestors
had also known about.
So for example, there are
a lot of places on Earth
that are very well-known
in popular culture
as dimensional portals, such
as the pyramids of Egypt.
Because of their fame and the
architecture and the legends,
it is easy to see that this is
a very special place because
of these great monuments
that were built there.
>> EMERY: Is there an energetic
signature to these areas?
>> GONZALEZ: Yes.
What is most important about
these places rather than
the physical structure
on the surface
is their energy signature.
Let's go back to the
Pyramids of Egypt.
Maybe this place
is actually more
important than the
actual pyramid.
The pyramid was built
in a special place
where the gods lived.
In a forgotten age
called Zep Tepi.
Zep Tepi occurred
25,000 years ago.
According to the
legend, Zep Tepi
happened when the gods of Orion
lived on the Giza Plateau.
For archeologists
and historians,
these are just myths or
legends of old Egypt.
And these so-called gods
known in Egypt as Neteru
are for many archeologists
and historians
considered to be
celestial symbolic powers.
So it is possible that
some of these portals
were actually
well-known anciently
by extraterrestrial beings.
This was passed down
as a sort of tradition
for future generations
so that these places
were never forgotten.
They built dolmens,
obelisks, pyramids, temples.
And it is actually related to
the controversial apparitions
of Mary as well.
In many places where the
supposed image of Mary
has appeared, in the past, these
were already places of worship.
Temples of the ancient
ancestral people
much like what
happened in Mexico
in the case of the
Virgin of Guadalupe.
So nowadays, what is there?
Churches, basilicas,
temples, people worshipping
the apparitions of Mary.
And that way, the place
is never forgotten.
It's an important place.
And why shouldn't these
places not be forgotten?
Why this obsession as
if it were a great plan?
So that over thousands
and thousands
of years of our history, those
sacred places of contact,
those for vortexes
are not forgotten.
Possibly because they will
play a very important role
in the future
survival of humanity.
>> EMERY: Can these gates
be activated by humans?
Or only extraterrestrials?
>> GONZALEZ: Here, we are
entering into a very delicate
subject, Emery.
And I do know that
you are informed
about this as well as
a lot of the scientists
of the major powers.
There are a lot of secret
technological and military
projects by the
major powers to try
to manipulate these portals.
Yes, if the extraterrestrials
with their great technology
are able to interact with
interdimensional portals,
obviously, humans when they
have that type of technology,
they will be able
to do so as well.
However, to involve ourselves
deeply in dimensional portals
without ethics, without
morals, without conscience
is dangerous.
It's not just that we
need advanced technology
to be able to interact
with these portals
between dimensions.
The main tool that we
need is consciousness.
I'm not sure how to explain
this but I will try.
According to what I've
learned during contact
with these beings, just
as the places of contact,
the vortexes, have an energy
signature, we human beings
also have an energy signature.
A light signature, a
vibratory signature.
According to Ivika,
this is as simple
to understand as geometry.
Geometry is symmetry,
perfection, order.
And with that symmetry,
with that energy,
the world is built of energy.
So what happens when a
human being who only uses
advanced technology
as a foundation,
but who is disorganized
mentally and in conscience
and wishes to deal
with these portals?
The extraterrestrials
understand this
because they also face many
challenges and dangers.
When we separate an
atom, we are also
opening a dimensional portal.
That is what happened
in the United States
in the 1940s with
the Trinity Project.
And interestingly enough, as
a consequence of this event,
the modern era of
UFO phenomenon began.
Of course, there were sightings
and reports prior to this,
but this all intensified
from 1943 to '47.
And we would have
to ask ourselves
if, for instance, the
Philadelphia Project actually
happened in 1943.
It is a very complex
case that is surrounded
by fake news, which
has now become
as much a part of pop culture
as the Bermuda Triangle.
But always behind the
fog, there is some truth.
And every time
that a human being
has attempted to open up one
of these dimensional portals
without consciousness, as you
can see, Emery, the results
have not been very positive.
And the big problem with
dimensional portals and time
travel in our world,
if we start to attempt
to play with that
technology that we are not
ready for in consciousness,
we are sending a signal
to the universe, to other
civilizations with the ability
to track us.
>> EMERY: Have you or anyone
that you know has ever entered
one of these gates?
>> GONZALEZ: Yes, absolutely,
as you might with my own
experience.
I want to be very clear that all
the experiences that I've had
have not been violent or
hostile or negative for me,
just so the audience
has that clear.
But surely, those who
are watching this program
can understand that
it is very difficult
to go through your daily life
after you've seen and lived
in those other realities.
And much more so when you are
willing to go public and talk
about these experiences.
There are people who
think that you're
crazy or just really out there.
I left my profession in a
promising career in Lima
once I started speaking
about these topics on TV.
So something that
I've really tried
to do so that this phenomena
would be taken seriously
has to invite other
people, including
well-known researchers
of the UFO phenomenon.
So that they could
also experience
some of this phenomena with us.
We've spoken about this
in other interviews
and they've also gone through
incredible experiences.
For example, let me remind
the audience, in 2014
here in the United States
on Mount Shasta in Northern
California, a
well-known researcher
Paola Harris, who
was at one time
the assistant of James Allen
Hynek, the father of ufology,
she had an encounter
with us face-to-face
with one of these
extraterrestrial entities
with a human appearance.
And this entity, a
male who calls himself
Antarel, and he was
about 10 feet in height--
10 feet, right?
He had created an
environment of energy
on Mount Shasta in the
middle of the forest.
You could not clearly
see the highest point
of the dome of energy.
Some people could see
it but not everyone.
What was very clear was the base
of the interdimensional portal.
It was like a bright fog.
Very shining, and it appeared
to come from the ground upwards
with a phosphorescent effect.
It had a bright
effect, very special.
But there is a very interesting
detail with this phenomena
that happened at Mount Shasta.
Antarel was outside of the
multidimensional portal.
This extraterrestrial
with a human appearance
was in a solid
physical body that
could be seen very clearly.
So if he was in a
physical body there
in the forest of
Mount Shasta, why
was a separate multidimensional
portal also created?
The objective of that
experience according
to the extraterrestrials
was for Paola
to be exposed to the energy
of that dimensional portal,
and that this
experience was going
to plant something in her,
to foment a paradigm shift,
and Paola has not been the same.
>> EMERY: Is the military
aware of these interdimensional
doors?
And are they monitoring them?
>> GONZALEZ: So we spoke a
second ago about the dangers
of opening dimensional portals.
Of course, there are human
attempts to carry this out.
And obviously,
these attempts are
coming from the military
and scientific industry
because civilians
just don't have
the means to be able to research
a node or interdimensional
portal.
Yes, I do have information.
Information that I have
from my own contact
experiences and also
from amicable sources
that have been involved in
these military experiments.
And they're not new.
They've been going
on for many decades.
And they're
attempting to monitor
any activity, any
singularity that comes up
on their tracking systems.
But they always
get there too late.
>> EMERY: Are you aware of
the military or any other
organizations that are allowing
technology to go in and out
of these doorways?
>> GONZALEZ: What I am able to
say regarding that are two main
points.
First, yes, I am
aware of the efforts,
not just from the military but
also from private companies.
Ivika and Antarel informed
me several years ago
that the main efforts in the
space race and experimenting
with some technologies,
including dimensional portals,
would not come necessarily
from countries or armies
or governments,
but actually from
the private scientific military
complexes, which have existed
for some time, of course.
But in recent years,
they're trying
to normalize this information
for the mainstream public
so that it would be prepared.
For example, the private
efforts to colonize Mars.
The second thing that
I can say about that
is that, yes, efforts
have been made
to transfer equipment
or technology
through multidimensional
portals as an experiment.
But I should also say
and possibly information
that I have is different than
the information in ufology
in the United States.
I've had conversations
with ufologists here
and at various conferences
across the world,
as well as with some former
members of government
in the United States who
introduced themselves
to me as such, who told me that
multidimensional portals are
used to transfer many human
beings to Mars, for example.
That there are human
colonies already on Mars.
And that even some former
presidents of the United States
got a chance to travel to Mars.
According to the information
that Ivika and Antarel have
shared with me, that
was not the case.
There is a portion
of truth in it,
of interdimensional experiments
to apply them to space
navigation and colonization.
However, there have
been stories added
to the information that
have attempted to mislead
from authentic information.
For now, all of the
antimatter energy
that are big particle
accelerators and Hadron
Collider have attempted
to accumulate,
for example, the one that
we can find between France
and Switzerland that some
people call the machine of God,
because today it is the most
powerful machine that mankind
has built, at least publicly.
All of that power that that
particle accelerator has
been able to obtain
from antimatter
has only worked to
turn on a light bulb.
So of course, there is talk of
things being attempted right
now with dimensional portals.
That is true.
But what is not true
is that there have been
huge accomplishments with this.
>> EMERY: Tell us more about
these presidents that have
visited Mars
through these doors.
And who are they?
>> GONZALEZ: This is information
that has been widely spread
in recent years.
But within the context
of various international
conferences on the
UFO phenomenon,
I was able to speak to
many older researchers
and former members
of the US government.
And also US government
advisors, or at least that
is how they portrayed
themselves, with many of them
and that there were
experiments to connect
to Mars through
interdimensional portals.
Like I said, I had
conversations with many people
that we don't need
to mention here.
But what I would say from a
journalist's point of view
is that where there's
smoke, there's fire.
>> EMERY: What is the most
outstanding thing that you have
learned from
interdimensional gates?
>> GONZALEZ: This might
sound a little too mystical.
The most important thing that
I learned about this phenomena
with multidimensional
portals is that nothing
that is outside of you is
going to open up if you
don't open your heart first.
A very analytical,
rational person
who is now watching
this program might say,
this is all new age rubbish.
This is not new age.
This is common sense.
How can we explore the
mysteries of other universes
or other realities if we
don't know our own mysteries?
When I have come face-to-face
with these portals
on different expeditions
throughout the world, here
in the United States or
Central Asia or the Andes,
the pattern is always the same.
If people were afraid or
their ideas were very jumbled
in their head, or if they
were just seeking experience,
hunting a phenomena,
the experience
would not flow correctly.
So some skeptics would
say to me, oh, you
have to believe it to see it.
And I said, no, absolutely not.
It is all about learning to see.
The shaman who I
mentioned in my country,
they say that the huacas, which
in Quechua means sacred place,
will only open when you
open your inner huaca.
That's why so many
of us who have
lived through these
contact experiences
have started to
practice exercises
of silence, of listening
to nature, of meditation.
And in reality,
we've been doing it
as a species for
thousands of years.
This is the main
message that I learned
from interdimensional
portals, and my attempt,
my intellectual drive to prove,
to research, to demonstrate.
Because my contact experiences
also transformed me
into a researcher and
author on these topics,
I had to realize
that I had to open
my heart, that I had to listen.
As I said, you have to learn
to see so that these places may
speak to you.
If you don't open
your heart and you
don't have the right signature
of how you are sounding,
how you are vibrating,
all of those
portals that you are looking
for will always be close to you.
>> EMERY: Ricardo, thank you
so much for being on the show.
>> GONZALEZ: Thank you again
for this new opportunity, Emery.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith,
and this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]